I'm Batman.
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me.
I am vengeance, I am the night, I am Batman.
Sometimes it's only madness that makes us what we are.
The night is darkest just before the dawn.
It's not just your name, it's your father's name.
I won't kill you, but I don't have to save you.
I have one power. I never give up.
I am the reason the criminals breathe easier when the sun rises.
Criminals are a superstitious cowardly lot.
Bats frighten me.
Justice is about harmony. Revenge is about you making yourself feel better.
I wear a mask. And that mask, it's not to hide who I am, but to create what I am.
The only justice is the justice you take.
I'm whatever Gotham needs me to be.
I'm the goddamn Batman.
The world doesn't make sense until you force it to.
The first time I stole so that I wouldn't starve, yes. The first time I stole so that I could eat meat that was better than canned dog food, yes. The first time I killed a man, no.
You always fear what you don't understand.
The mind sees what it wants to see.
I don't have to explain anything to you.
I have a city to save.
You can never escape me. I will always find you.
Bats are nocturnal. They hunt at night.
I made a promise on the grave of my parents that I would rid this city of the evil that took their lives.
I have a plan.
Sometimes it's only madness that makes us what we are.
You can't have a nightmare if you never dream.
A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a little boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
I am the dark knight.
I have one power. I never give up.
Why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.
It's not about deserve. It's about what you believe.
Bats are the world's only flying mammal.
You're just as sane as I am.
All creatures feel fear.
I'm not afraid. I'm angry.
I do fear death. I fear dying in here while my city burns, and there's no one there to save it.
The world is too small for someone like Bruce Wayne to disappear.
I respect the mind's power over the body. It's why I do what I do.
The mask is not for you, it's to protect the people you care about.
I have to go. But I won't let them down.
I'm not the one wearing hockey pads.
It's time my enemies shared my dread.
People need dramatic examples to shake them out of apathy.
I'm whatever Gotham needs me to be.
I am the hope of Gotham City.
I am the reason the criminals breathe easier when the sun rises.