I am Iron Man.
I shouldn't be alive... unless it was for a reason.
I know I said no more surprises, but I was really hoping to pull off one last one.
Part of the journey is the end.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Give me a scotch, I'm starving.
Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
We create our own demons.
It's not about how much we lost, it's about how much we have left.
I told you, I don't want to join your super-secret boy band.
I am a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.
I'm not saying I'm responsible for this country's longest run of uninterrupted peace in 35 years! I'm not saying that from the ashes of captivity, never has a phoenix metaphor been more personified! I'm not saying that Uncle Sam can kick back on a lawn chair, sipping on an iced tea, because I haven't come across anyone man enough to go toe to toe with me on my best day!
I don't want to hear the "man was not meant to meddle" medley.
I told you, I don't want to join your super secret boy band.
You can take away my house, all my tricks and toys. But one thing you can't take away... I am Iron Man.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Contrary to popular belief, I know exactly what I'm doing.
We have a... Hulk?
That's how Dad did it, that's how America does it, and it's worked out pretty well so far.
I'm Tony Stark. I build neat stuff, got a great girl, occasionally save the world. So why can't I sleep?
I am not afraid of you. I am Iron Man.
I told you, I don't want to join your super-secret boy band.
We're the Avengers. We can bust arms dealers all the live-long day, but that up there? That's... That's the endgame.
We're going to be okay. You can rest now.
What is and always will be my greatest creation... is you.
I don't want to lose you in the same way I lost my mother and father.
Heroes are made by the paths they choose, not the powers they are graced with.
You can take away my suits, you can take away my home, but there's one thing you can never take away from me. I am Iron Man.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Don't waste it. Don't waste your life.
Okay, I'm going to get a bow, and I'm going to shoot you with it. Seriously, I'm going to be like Green Arrow, except I'm going to be called Purple Arrow, and I'm going to be good, too. I'm not going to be crazy like him, I promise.
We're not on speaking terms... I just need you to listen.
Not a great plan. When they come, and they will, they'll come for you.
You know, it's moments like these when I realize what a superhero I am.
What's the point of owning a race car if you can't drive it?
Well, you can forget it. I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one.
You know, it's times like these when I realize what a superhero I am.
Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one.
You know, they say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon
