With great power comes great responsibility.
I'm just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
I have a knack for getting into trouble.
The thing about being a superhero is that you have to keep saving people even when it feels like you can't do anything right.
Anyone can wear the mask. You could wear the mask. If you didn't know that before, I hope you do now.
When you can do the things that I can, but you don't, and then the bad things happen? They happen because of you.
The only way to get better at being Spider-Man is to keep being Spider-Man.
I believe there's a hero in all of us, that keeps us honest, gives us strength, makes us noble, and finally allows us to die with pride, even though sometimes we have to be steady, and give up the thing we want the most.
You know, I guess one person can make a difference.
The one thing that's different about me is I'm Spider-Man.
This is my chance to prove myself.
I'm not the one who's in trouble here. You are.
No matter how buried it gets, or how lost you feel, you must promise me that you will hold on to hope and keep it alive. We have to be greater than what we suffer.
The world needs heroes.
I don't want to fight you, Flash.
Everybody loves a hero. People line up for them, cheer them, scream their names. And years later, they'll tell how they stood in the rain for hours just to get a glimpse of the one who taught them how to hold on a second longer.
If you keep something as complicated as love stored up inside, it could make you sick.
One person can make a difference. Nuff said.
It's not about the shoes. It's about what you do in them.
The best kind of life is the one you're living right now.
You're an amazing crowd. I want to thank you all for making this the best night of my life.
Don't worry about me. I'll be okay. This is my destiny. And I will face it.
I don't have a choice! Peter... this is my path... and I must take it alone.
We can't protect them. We can't. They have to make their own way. And they will, she will, and I'll love her, till the end of the Earth.
Sometimes, to do what's right, we have to be steady and give up the thing we want the most.
The strength of the masked man is proverbial. He's tough, smart, and fiercely independent. He doesn't answer to anyone, doesn't seek the spotlight, and never gives up in the face of adversity.
I'm Peter, by the way.
Not everyone is meant to make a difference, but for me, the choice to lead an ordinary life is no longer an option.
You can't think about saving the world. You have to think about saving one person.
The important thing is not how many times you fall down, but how many times you get back up.
What is it like to be Spider-Man? It's like being a kid all over again, only more dangerous.
Everyone has a part of themselves they hide. Even from the people they love most.
You know, I'm not that different from you. We're both kind of alone in the world.
Every decision you make creates a new destiny.
Remember, with great power comes great responsibility.
I don't know what's next. But I do know that I'm done running from my past.
I don't want to fight you, Peter.
I don't need your help. I have to do this on my own.