Truth, justice, and the American way.
Sometimes you have to take a leap of faith first. The trust part comes later.
I'm here to fight for truth and justice and the American way.
I'm not a killer, but I don't lose.
Dreams save us. Dreams lift us up and transform us into something better.
You're much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
There is a right and a wrong in the universe, and that distinction is not hard to make.
I have to stand for truth and justice in my life, and that's what I have to do.
Nobody tears my city apart and gets away with it.
The 'S' means hope.
Sometimes, being different feels a lot like being alone. But with that being said, being true to that difference and standing out is a lot better than pretending to be someone else.
You're much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
I’m a big believer in fighting and I’m a big believer in earning your way to the top.
It’s not an 'S'. On my world, it means 'Hope'.
I am not here to save the world. I am here to serve the world.
This is a job for Superman.
If you believe in a cause, you must be willing to put yourself on the line for that cause.
You're much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
The only way to be different is to just be yourself.
You can't just use your powers when it suits you. That's not what being a hero is all about.
You're not alone. You never were. You have friends.
I'm a friend of humanity.
The bittersweet pain among men is having knowledge with no power. Because… because that is paradoxical.
For truth, justice, and the last slice of pizza!
I believe in second chances, but I don't believe in third chances.
Superman is what I can do. Clark is who I am.
I'm here to fight for truth and justice and the American way.
There is a right and a wrong in the universe, and that distinction is not hard to make.
Sometimes you have to take a leap of faith first. The trust part comes later.
This is my world. You're my world.
This is a job for Superman.
I have to stand for truth and justice in my life, and that's what I have to do.
I have to be careful. Even if it means sacrificing my own safety. It's my job.
I’m loyal to nothing... except the dream.
The future belongs to those who seize it.
Live as one of them, Kal-El, to discover where your strength and your power are needed. But always hold in your heart the pride of your special heritage. They can be a great people, Kal-El, they wish to be. They only lack the light to show the way. For this reason above all, their capacity for good, I have sent them you... my only son.
This planet is my home. I will protect it until my last breath.
You're much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
I have to stand for truth and justice in my life, and that's what I have to do.
You’re much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
Is it not better to have faith in something, than to have faith in nothing at all?
I’m here to fight for truth, and justice, and the American way.
I stand for truth, justice and... well, you know the rest.
I’m not a killer, but I don’t lose.
I am Superman. And I came back to save the world.